Promavin
Promavin is a 'pickup and delivery' male clothing brand.
Our mission is to produce comfortable, yet stylish and well fitting clothes for all occasions.
promavin.com is an e-platform for selecting designs (placing orders) and booking appointments with us, and we will come to pickup your fabric, measure you, and deliver at the agreed date(minimum of three days) at a time and place convenient for you.
At Promavin, we are committed to excellence and diligence. We offer professional and reliable service at competitive price.
We also have the blog section to keep you up to speed with latest trend in the world of fashion and other articles to entertain, educate, inform and inspire you.


1. What are you currently doing (in regard to your career) and how did you get there? How does your background make you unique? Example answer: Madison is a director of brand marketing, with experience managing global teams and multi-million-dollar campaigns. Her background in brand strategy, visual design, and account management inform her mindful but competitive approach. 2. In terms of the work you do, what aspects are you most passionate about and why? Example answer: Madison is fueled by her passion for understanding the nuances of cross-cultural advertising. She considers herself a ‘forever student,’ eager to both build on her academic foundations in psychology and sociology and stay in tune with the latest digital marketing strategies through continued coursework. 3. What do you consider some of your biggest professional and personal accomplishments? How did your attributes contribute to those accomplishments? Be as specific as you can. Example answer: Her hunger for knowledge and determination to turn information into action has contributed to her most recent success at Rockwell Group, where she led international, award-winning campaigns for heavy-hitting brands such as Puma, Gucci, and Rolex. Meanwhile, she vastly improved the productivity of her department by implementing strategic project management strategies and ensuring a work-life balance for her team. Madison believes mindfulness in the workplace is key to success, a tenet she lives out through her interests in yoga, meditation, gardening, and painting. ​ 4. What are you looking for right now? If you’re job seeking, considering a career change or looking to take on freelance projects, mention it in your statement. (Include your email address as the last sentence.) ​ Example answer: Madison is currently working as a freelance marketing director and is always interested in a challenge. Reach out to madisonblackstone@gmail.com to connect! Tips for Writing a Great ‘About Me’ Page 1. Once you’ve completed the exercises above, you’ll have some material to work into your ‘About Me’ page. Ideally, each answer should flow into the next. Again, you want the finished product to convey who you are and what you’re doing, how you got there, and where you’re looking to go next. Once your answers are organized into paragraphs, they would read something like this: Madison is a director of brand marketing, with experience managing global teams and multi-million-dollar campaigns. Her background in brand strategy, visual design, and account management inform her mindful but competitive approach. Madison is fueled by her passion for understanding the nuances of cross-cultural advertising. She considers herself a ‘forever student,’ eager to both build on her academic foundations in psychology and sociology and stay in tune with the latest digital marketing strategies through continued coursework. Her hunger for knowledge and determination to turn information into action has contributed to her most recent success at Rockwell Group, where she led international, award-winning campaigns for heavy-hitting brands such as Puma, Gucci, and Rolex. Meanwhile, she vastly improved the productivity of her team by implementing strategic project management strategies and ensuring a work-life balance for her department. Madison believes mindfulness in the workplace is key to success - a tenet she lives out through her interests in yoga, meditation, gardening, and painting. Madison is currently working as a freelance marketing director and is always interested in a challenge. Reach out to madisonblackstone@gmail.com to connect! 2. Decide if you want to use third or first person. First person involves the use of statement as in, “I and me,” whereas third person (as exemplified above) uses “he/him” or “she/her.” You will find “About Me” statements written both ways. Most important is that you stick with one, rather than alternating between the two. If you’re writing the ‘About’ statement on a business website, it’s generally advised to use third person. However, if your website is a personal portfolio or blog, it’s best to use first person. 3. Don’t ramble. Most likely, your reader’s attention span isn’t going to be very long. Try to keep your statement under 250 words, at the maximum. 4. Stay humble. Although it’s important to include your accomplishments and your experience, do so in a reasonable manner, avoiding outlandish statements. Declarations like “I’m the best marketing professional there is” is, or “Any company that brings me on board is lucky to have me” will certainly hurt you more than it will help you get hired. 5. Use your own voice. Don’t use words out of a thesaurus or a business book. Use your natural voice, aiming to strike a balance between personal and professional. You won’t be introducing yourself in the same way you would be, say, to someone you’ve just met in a bar, but you also shouldn’t sound like a politician running for president. Also, be honest about your interests and goals. 6. Don’t try to be funny if you’re not funny. In some ‘About Me’ pages, you’ll see that humor can be quite effective. However, avoid the jokes if they don’t come naturally to you, and don’t feel pressure to sound clever and entertaining. Focus instead on coming across as approachable and engaging. 7. Be honest. Your ‘About Me’ page should reflect your genuine interests, whether they’re personal or work-related. You never know when someone might use material in your statement to strike up a conversation. For example, if you’re not really into yoga, don’t write you’re into yoga, or if you hate the account management aspect of your job, don’t write that you’re passionate about client experience. 8. Proofread, print, and read aloud. Typos make you look careless and reduce the professionalism of your page. Proofread your statement when it’s complete and ask a friend to do the same. Then, print it out and read it aloud. Not only will this help you catch any other typos or grammatical mistakes, but it is the best way to ensure the statement reads naturally and sounds like you. If anything comes across awkward, funny, or simply doesn’t seem like something you would say, rework the sentence until it sounds like something you would say. 9. Include links when possible and relevant. Make sure your email address is a link. If you use the word ‘experience’ you can link that to your LinkedIn profile. If you mention any specific projects you’ve worked on, add links when you can, whether that’s a link to your portfolio, a positive news article, or even a blog post on your own site that discusses the experience. 10. Remember that your ‘About Me’ page is a living document. Whenever inspiration strikes, you can (and should) come back and update the page to ensure it accurately reflects where you’re at in life.
